This is a great program for Windows systems only either 10 or 11. To retrieve LibreView data from the web at https://www.libreview.com for the Freestyle Libre 2 connector. To retrieve it you log in with your username and password and then under the LibreView menu option there is "Download Glucose Data" where you save all the data after clicking "I am not a robot" to a .csv file to your harddisk.

Once that is completed you must open the glucose_report.xlsx and go to developer and create a Module1 and copy the contents of the Module1.vba there. After which you do the same to ThisWorkbook.vba where you copy the contents to ThisWorkbook. After which it is very important to save macros to glocose_report.xlsm.

The next step is to modify the Libre2excel.json file to be your own directory the firt being the excel_file wich is where the .xlsm file is located and second to go one step further for the RemoveImageAndRunPython macro to run the Glucose_Chart.py and the location of the .png file for the image_file do not wory about the last not important to know the .json path you can put it if you need a reference.

Once done load the glucose_report.xlsm file and add the macros to butons such as on the sheet Page D'accueil set the Do it button to glucose_report.xlsm!ThisWorkbook.doit and on the Glycèmie De Moi sheet the Do Averages add nmacro glucose_report.xlsm!CalculateDailyAverages and for the Do Chart button add the glucose_report.xlsm!CreateDiabetesChart and if you go one step further you can add the Python Glucose Chart button with the glucose_report.xlsm!RemoveImageAndRunPython macro save all. From there you must install Python 3.x I use 3.12 and install the modules using pip install -r requirements.txt. From there run the Libre2Excel.py file and simply load the .csv file you download from the LibreView web page. And thats all the rest is self explaintory.

Have fun!   
